DSA | Updated 105, Sorting Algorithm links (#6063)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/datastructures-and-algorithms/content/105-sorting-algorithms/101-merge-sort.md

# Merge Sort

__Merge sort__ is a type of sorting algorithm that follows the divide-and-conquer paradigm. It was invented by John von Neumann in 1945. This algorithm works by dividing an unsorted list into `n` partitions, each containing one element (a list of one element is considered sorted), then repeatedly merging partitions to produce new sorted lists until there is only 1 sorted list remaining. This resulting list is the fully sorted list. The process of dividing the list is done recursively until it hits the base case of a list with one item. Merge sort has a time complexity of `O(n log n)` for all cases (best, average and worst), which makes it highly efficient for large data sets.

> Learn more from the following resources:
> 
> - [@video@Merge Sort](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p__ETf2CKY4)
> - [@article@Merge Sort Visulize](https://www.hackerearth.com/practice/algorithms/sorting/merge-sort/visualize/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more from the following resources:

- [@video@Merge Sort](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VqmGXwpLqc)
- [@article@Merge Sort Visulize](https://www.hackerearth.com/practice/algorithms/sorting/merge-sort/visualize/)
```

Author: Thanks for the Update.

The video which I added that was nice, but I was unable to find that in his own YouTube channel, so I added this one. But I will keep this in mind to add only from valid channels.

Reviewer: I liked the video, you just added his bubble sort video to both the bubble sort topic and the merge sort one!

> Learn more from the following resources:
> 
> - [@video@Merge Sort](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p__ETf2CKY4)
> - [@article@Merge Sort Visulize](https://www.hackerearth.com/practice/algorithms/sorting/merge-sort/visualize/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more from the following resources:

- [@video@Merge Sort](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VqmGXwpLqc)
- [@article@Merge Sort Visulize](https://www.hackerearth.com/practice/algorithms/sorting/merge-sort/visualize/)
```

Reviewer: Placed with a Merge sort video as you included the same video as in Bubble sort.
